Reference for stage 3 arraybuffer-transfer (#28381)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/arraybuffer/detached/index.md

---
title: ArrayBuffer.prototype.detached
slug: Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/ArrayBuffer/detached

> page-type: javascript-instance-accessor-property
> browser-compat: javascript.builtins.ArrayBuffer.detached

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page-type: javascript-instance-accessor-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: javascript.builtins.ArrayBuffer.detached
```

---

> {{JSRef}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{JSRef}} {{SeeCompatTable}}
```

> The **`detached`** accessor property of {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}} instances returns a boolean indicating whether or not the `ArrayBuffer` has been detached (transferred).

Reviewer: To understand what detached means I had to read ArrayBuffer#transferring_arraybuffers . Since I like each doc to be to some extent stand alone it would be good to:
- provide a "flavour" of what it means to transfer a doc - transferring the Array's memory to another buffer, possibly in another context.
- Note that a detached arrays are unusable.

I'd probably do that in the description, or all up the top in one section (no separate description). 

I won't propose a suggestion at this point.

Author: I don't like bloating the `detached` page too much—explanation of "transfer" goes in `transfer` and explanation of "detached" goes in `detached`, so I've added one sentence.

Reviewer: That's cool, as long as it does the job, which it does. I've proposed a version which I think may be slightly better, though I am aware this is a matter of taste. Your call: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/28381/files#r1283977145

> ## Description

Reviewer: I like this structure, but can we have at some point a reference page to compare against: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Page_structures/Page_types

For example, I know that API reference has a syntax section called "Value". SHould I expect this for JavaScript?

Author: Ah yes, I've been meaning to do that (page templates), but I never got to it. This atm is the well-established JS pattern.

I have https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/26337 which will change the structure slightly but folks have disagreed. I'm not motivated enough to push for the change in the near term.

> The `detached` property is an accessor property whose set accessor function is `undefined`, meaning that you can only read this property. The value is `false` when the `ArrayBuffer` is first created, and becomes `true` once the `ArrayBuffer` has been detached by one of the [transfer methods](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/ArrayBuffer#transferring_arraybuffers).

Reviewer: I know you are going to have a reason for this, but seems like a huge number of words to say:

```suggestion
The `detached` property is a read-only accessor property. The value is `false` when the `ArrayBuffer` is first created, and becomes `true` once the `ArrayBuffer` has been detached by one of the [transfer methods](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/ArrayBuffer#transferring_arraybuffers).
```

Author: This is the well-established sentence structure, so I'm not going to change it for now. #26337 is going to introduce a new pattern anyway.

> The `detached` property is an accessor property whose set accessor function is `undefined`, meaning that you can only read this property. The value is `false` when the `ArrayBuffer` is first created, and becomes `true` once the `ArrayBuffer` has been detached by one of the [transfer methods](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/ArrayBuffer#transferring_arraybuffers).

Author: ```suggestion
The `detached` property is an accessor property whose set accessor function is `undefined`, meaning that you can only read this property. The value is `false` when the `ArrayBuffer` is first created, and becomes `true` once the `ArrayBuffer` has been detached by one of the [transfer methods](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/ArrayBuffer#transferring_arraybuffers). Once a buffer becomes detached, it is no longer usable.
```

> The `detached` property is an accessor property whose set accessor function is `undefined`, meaning that you can only read this property. The value is `false` when the `ArrayBuffer` is first created, and becomes `true` once the `ArrayBuffer` has been detached by one of the [transfer methods](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/ArrayBuffer#transferring_arraybuffers). Once a buffer becomes detached, it is no longer usable.

Reviewer: Even better?

```suggestion
The `detached` property is an accessor property whose set accessor function is `undefined`, meaning that you can only read this property. The value is `false` when the `ArrayBuffer` is first created. The value becomes `true` if the `ArrayBuffer` is [transferred](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/ArrayBuffer#transferring_arraybuffers), which detaches the instance from its underlying memory. Once a buffer becomes detached, it is no longer usable.
```
